[Music]
I'm Wolfgang buttress I'm in the
Greenpeace Field Glastonbury and this is
my sculpture core beam beam is a
multi-sensory sculpture combining sound
and lights is inspired by bees when you
walk into the into the center it's
almost like walking into a clearing
inside the forest there's a sense of
kind of peace there's a sense of that
you can kind of communicate back with
nature the only thing you'll actually be
able to see is the sky above you for
what you'll be seeing on the walls
around is a load of bespoke projections
LEDs and a bespoke soundscape the
ambition is to evoke a sense of peace a
sense of communicating with nature and
to connect this with the real-time
activity of bees
[Music]
the sounds and lights are controlled by
honeybees from local bee hives which are
found in the farm Michael Eavis the host
of busting tree festival
[Music]
in a few minutes time we're going to put
these tiny little things called
accelerometers inside some beehives here
[Music]
going to open up this honeybee hive I'm
going to access the center of the colony
and I am going to plunge this
accelerometer into the frame and
immediately afterwards we will be able
to hear the honeybees with headphones or
with a speaker and the signal will be
transmitted to Vulcans artwork to me
this relationship between science and
art is absolutely essential and I've
learnt so much from it it's an amazing
journey these are Cornish black bees and
we're really mindful to be as sensitive
as possible when installing the
accelerometers to make sure that no bees
were harmed in the process when I first
picked up a frame of bees I kind of
thought it would be frightening I've
been intimidated but it wasn't it was
for me I just felt completely at one
with nature in a lot of ways and was
just incredible smell the smell of the
honeycomb and the propolis but it was a
sound you know it's this really low deep
visceral kind of hum and to me there's a
real connection between the between
between the sound me and yeah it started
off as one single idea there's probably
over 200 people been involved kind of
creating it it's been a beautiful
experience in a way it's almost like
were their own kind of little colony
kind of come together like a hive kind
of great in this this will what we can
do together is amazing all throughout
the festival depending on the noises
that the bees make and the sounds that
they trigger that will also effectively
alter the path of these sounds so that
so they'll they'll pan
kind of around you and you might add
some points during the day here the
effect of a swarm swarming around while
you're inside we've got about 13
kilometres of timber royal and treated
timber sustain the beef sauce and
probably about seven or eight kilometers
in there at the moment the internal form
of itself is this hexagonal like the
honeycomb so it's this idea that the
plane and the micro and the macro the
fact that when you're actually inside
the installation yeah you're like a bee
after the festival walkers families can
kind of come and walk and kind of
experience that the Beast itself and
then inside five or 10 years time
they're all kind of rots and go but
we've got back to nature so it's really
playing and working with the environment
rather than being in conflict with it
during the day the soundscape changes so
in the morning it's very calm relaxed
and ambient and as there's more energy
in the day as well as in the Beehive the
triggers more sounds so in the morning
we might have a cello or piano but in
the afternoon we might have guitars
voices and then an even dozen
they'll be rhythms
[Music]
you